For the given JSON iterate over all for loops(for,forin,forof,foreach).
ANS: 
   FOR LOOP:
   
   
   The for loops comes first because of its simplicity and ease of use.
   It is a very user-friendly kind of loop that runs with a method of using counter.
   The value is first set with an appropriate condition, which is also called as an "initializing a loop".
   The terminal or the final value is specified.
   The for loop makes things really easy when you need to run a set of codes multiple times.
   
   The for loop is further divided into two types as,
   
        1. Using an array.
        2.Making a loop through DOM elements.
        
        FOR IN LOOP:
        
        
             Another way of looping is the FORIN loop.
             Unlike the for loop,this loop wont be a loosing counter.
             The FORIN loop makes the whole process even more simple and hassle- free.
             In fact, the FORIN loop is especially a simplied version of the for loop.
             
             LOOP USING THE FORIN TECHNIQUE:
             
                 1.Looping through an object property.
                 2.Looping through an JSON.
                 
                 
           FOR EACH LOOP:
           
                This method is used for looping through an array element.
              
              example:
               
                   {%code-block language="js"%}
                   var names = {"jerry","tom","pluto","micky","mini"};
                   names.foreach(function1);
                   functionfunction1(currentvalue,index){
                   console.log("Index in array is:"+index+" :: value is :"+current value");
                   }
                   {%code-block-end%}
                   
                   
           FOR OF LOOP:
               
                The FOR OF executes a loop that operates on a sequence of value sourced from an iterable objects.
                Iterable objects includes instances of built- ins such as Arry,String , Typedarray,map,set,nodelist(and other DOM collections).
                And the argument objects , genertors produced by generator function are user defined iterables.
                 
                  
              SYNTAX:
                   for(variable of iterable)
                   statement.
           
           
         2 Difference between Window, screen and document in javascript.
           
            WINDOW:
               
               The javascript window object sits at the top of the javascript object hierarchy and represents the browser window.
               The window object is supported by all browsers.
               All global JAVASCRIPT OBJECTS ,functions and variables automatically become members of the window object.
               The window is the first thing that gets loaded into the browser.
               The window object has the majority of the properties like length, inner width, inner height, name if it has been closed ,its parents and more.
               The window objects represents the current browsing content.
               It holds things like window.location,window.screen,window.status,or the WINDOW.DOCUMENT.
               Each browser tab has its own top level window object.
               each of this windows gets its own separate global object.
               window.window always refers to windows, but window.parent and window.top might refer to enclosing windows, giving access to their execution contents.
               Moreover, the window propert of a window object points to the window object itself.
               
               
          DOCUMENT:
          
             The document interface represents any web page loaded in the browser and serves as an entry point into the web page content,which is in the DOM tree.
             When an HTML document is loaded into a web browser,it becomes a document object.
             It is the root node of the HTML document.
             The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties available to it like title, URL, cookie,etc.
             HTML documents are served with an "text/html" concepts types.
             And also implements the HTML document interface , whereas XML and SVG documents implement the XML document interface.
             
             
           SCREEN: 
           
                Screen is a small information object about physical screen dimension.
                It can be used to display screen width,height,colourdepth,pixeldepth etc.
                It is not mandatory to write window prefix with screen object.
                It can be written without window prefix.
                
                
           PROPERTIES OF SCREEN :
           
                  screen.width
                  screen.height
                  screen.availwidth
                  scrren.availheight
                  screen.colordepth
                  screen.pixeldepth.
           
           
        
        
        


